README.md, before:

### TODOs
- [ ] account page 
- [ ] auth QA
- [ ] dashborad
- [ ] deployment (circle ci)
- [ ] password reset ui
- [ ] react custom hooks

- [ ] key strokes for ui interactions (esc close modal, enter primary button...)
- [x] fix double sign in (social + email)
- [x] conenct backend with db
- [x] auto create new entry in db for new user
- [x] user roles
- [ ] landing page 
- [ ] account page
- [x] dockerize
- [ ] deployment with github actions
- [x] password reset
- [ ] fix toasts
- [x] css classes for common componentes (input, secondary button...)
- [ ] react-native frontend*

### Farm Stack Template

On the frontend
- react
- aws cognito (auth)
- tailwindcss

On the backend
- fastapi
- mongodb

For testing
- pytest
- browser stack

For deployment
- docker
- github actions



### Quick Start Guide
You'll need to setup (1) aws congito and signin with google and (2) mongodb before getting started. 

#### (1) aws congito 
- add aws amplify (for cognito only) to you project [here](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/installation/q/integration/react/)
- create a user pool [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/tutorial-create-user-pool.html)
- setup google sign in [here](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/auth/social/q/platform/js/#setup-frontend)

#### (2) mongodb
- spin up an atlas cluster [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started/)

Commit message:

captcha added (#28)
* Production (#9)

* github actions for prod (#7)

* Update main.yml

* Update README.md

* Production (#10)

* github actions for prod (#7)

* Update main.yml

* Update README.md

* Production (#11)

* github actions for prod (#7)

* Update main.yml

* Update README.md

* github actions

* github actions

* github actions

* deploy to ecr

* deploy to ecr 2

* deploy to ecr 2 on push

* deploy to ecr 3 on push

* deploy to ecr 4 on push

* deploy to ecr with iam role on push

* deploy to ecr permissions

* landing page and notifications added

* todos

* circle

* circle to yml

* added screts

* region typo

* Updated config.yml

* Updated config.yml

* Updated config.yml

* Updated config.yml

* Updated config.yml

* add registry id

* aws region string

* worksapce root

* dockerfile -f error

* ecs and verify

* cluster name

* cluster name

* dashboard

* dockerfile

* dockerfile

* dockerfile

* changed users not secret

* modified frontend

* split tokens into 2

* custom fetch

* recaptcha added to login sign up

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

### TODOs
- [ ] account page 
- [x] recaptcha
- [x] split tokens
- [ ] auth QA
- [ ] dashborad
- [ ] deployment (circle ci)
- [ ] password reset ui
- [ ] react custom hooks

- [ ] key strokes for ui interactions (esc close modal, enter primary button...)
- [x] fix double sign in (social + email)
- [x] conenct backend with db
- [x] auto create new entry in db for new user
- [x] user roles
- [ ] landing page 
- [ ] account page
- [x] dockerize
- [x] deployment with cloud run and vercel
- [x] password reset
- [x] fix toasts
- [x] css classes for common componentes (input, secondary button...)
- [ ] react-native frontend*

### Farm Stack Template

On the frontend
- react
- tailwindcss
- auth with JWT (refresh and access store in multiple cookies)
- reCaptcha v2

On the backend
- fastapi
- mongodb

For testing
- pytest
- browser stack

For deployment
- docker
- cloud run
- vercel



### Quick Start Guide
You'll need to setup (1) aws congito and signin with google and (2) mongodb before getting started. 

#### (2) mongodb
- spin up an atlas cluster [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started/)
